README.md, before:

### Hi there:wave:
I'm Rohit:man:

I'm currently pursuing my B.Tech in CSE at KIIT University and would graduate in 2023:vulcan_salute:


## I'm a Programmer, Photographer, Graphic Designer and Musician

-  I’m currently learning everything including programming with C and C++:laughing:
-  2020 Goals: Gaining experience in prgramming and making some awesome friends:blush:
-  Fun fact: I love to make music :notes::musical_keyboard::drum:


### Connect with me:

[<img align="left" alt="Rohit Raj | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]
[<img align="left" alt="Rohit Raj | Instagram" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/instagram.svg" />][instagram]

<br />

### Languages and Tools:

[<img align="left" alt="C++" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/isocpp/logos/master/cpp_logo.png" />]
[<img align="left" alt="Git" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png" />]
[<img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/github/github.png" />]

[instagram]: https://instagram.com/mafiamamba
[linkedin]: https://linkedin.com/in/rohit9579

Commit message:

Some elements remaining to add..

README.md, after:

### Hi there:wave:
I'm Rohit:man:
I'm currently pursuing my B.Tech in CSE at KIIT University and would graduate in 2023:vulcan_salute:
I'm also a self learnt ethical hacker, starting from the Std. 7th, but because of some personal reasons, I was unfortunately unable to practice all those things, and eventually I have lost my knowledge, but still I always hover over to Kali Linux from Windows to just practice and learn more and more.
I also have a great interest in Graphics Designing and Photography.
You can also visit my LinkedIn page(Link given Below) to know more about me.
Thanks for reading this..


## I'm a Programmer, Photographer, Graphic Designer and Musician

-  I’m currently learning everything including programming with C and C++:laughing:
-  2020 Goals: Gaining experience in prgramming and making some awesome friends:blush:
-  Fun fact: I love to make music :notes::musical_keyboard::drum:


### Connect with me:

[<img align="left" alt="Rohit Raj | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]
[<img align="left" alt="Rohit Raj | Instagram" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/instagram.svg" />][instagram]

<br />

### Languages and Tools:

[<img align="left" alt="C++" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/isocpp/logos/master/cpp_logo.png" />]
[<img align="left" alt="Git" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png" />]
[<img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/github/github.png" />]

[instagram]: https://instagram.com/mafiamamba
[linkedin]: https://linkedin.com/in/rohit9579
